April 25 2019 (Bear) -- Short Break  Put Break ( Lose Occur) -- Indian markets fell today amid volatile trade today, hurt by weak global sentiment and elevated oil prices



june-6-2019 (Bear)--> Benchmark indices posted their biggest one-day loss in 2019, dragged down by financials and bank stocks even though the monetary policy committee (MPC) of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) reduced the repo rate by 25 basis points (bps) to 5.75 per cent in the second bi-monthly monetary policy meet of the financial year 2019-20 (FY20).
Financials drop post DHFL crisis, liquidity issues, and trimmed GDP growth projections were among the major factors that dragged the markets lower on Thursday


1-August-2019 (Bear) ---> Mixed corporate earnings, weak domestic and global cues, and continuous selling by foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) were among the key reasons for the fall.


8-August-2019 (Bullish) ----> the government is likely to exempt foreign portfolio investors from higher taxes.


20-september-2019 (Bullish) ----> Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman announced reduction in corporation tax

14-August-2020 (Bearish) ----> Indian equity benchmarks succumbed to a fag-end selloff to close in the red on Friday, dragged by banks, financials and auto stocks amid weak global cues.


31 - Agust - 2020  (Bearish)---> Chinese troops 'carried out provocative military movements in Eastern Ladakh to change the status quo' but they were blocked by Indian soldiers. The incidents took place in between August 29-30 night.
Further, nervousness around Q1 GDP numbers, which is slated to be released later in the day, and Sebi's new margin norms, too, dragged the market lower. 


21-september-2020 (Bearish) ---> International Consortium of Investigative Journalism (ICIJ) reported on top-secret Suspicious Activity Reports or SARs, worth more than $2 trillion globally. In case of India, the FinCEN files so far have established sender-receiver connections for 406 transactions involving all major banks, including the country's largest, State Bank of India.   
 


15-october-2020  (Bearish)( after recover fall within next 3 days) --->  amid fears of a second wave of virus, as large European cities ordered clampdowns.

19-November-2020 (Bearish Expiry) --> After clocking record highs over the last few days, benchmark indices plunged deep in the red in the last hour of trade amid global sell-off. Banks and financials also dragged the indices below their psychological levels.


25 - November-2020 (Bearish Low) --> Booking Profit at All Time High

21 december 2020---> soured following reports of a new deadly strain of the coronavirus in the UK
soured following reports of a new deadly strain of the coronavirus in the UK


21-januray-2021 ( Thursday- Bigg Bearish ) -  fire broke out at the 
At least five people were killed after a major fire broke out in a five-storeyed under-construction building in one of the campuses of vaccine major Serum Institute of India’s (SIIs) in Pune on Thursday. The incident came as a shock to the nation as SII is one of the two firms leading India’s fight against the novel coronavirus disease.Serum Institute of India